Update docs, citations (#2296)
NNPDF/nnpdf: doc/sphinx/source/releases.rst

developments and to mark versions used to produce main results. The
significant releases since the code was made public are:

`Version 4.0.10 <https://github.com/NNPDF/nnpdf/releases/tag/4.0.10>`_

>     Last release fully compatible with the 4.0 era runcards.

Reviewer: I don't know if you want to change the 4.0.9 description concerning "Last" - or we could do "Final-Final" :innocent:

Author: The 4.0.9 is compatible with the entire pipeline, 4.0.10 only with the runcards. As in, the runcards work but now they use eko instead of apfel, etc.

Clearly it was not clear, I'll reword it a bit.

developments and to mark versions used to produce main results. The
significant releases since the code was made public are:

`Version 4.0.10 <https://github.com/NNPDF/nnpdf/releases/tag/4.0.10>`_
    Last release of the 4.0 era. Runcards for 4.0 work in this release will work

>     but are no longer used the old tools, commondata or theories.

Reviewer 2: Runcards for 4.0 work in this release will work but are no longer used the old tools, commondata or theories.

This is not an proper sentence

>     Last release of the 4.0 era. Runcards for 4.0 work in this release will work
>     but are no longer used the old tools, commondata or theories.

Author: ```suggestion
    Last release of the 4.0 era. Runcards for 4.0 will still run using new tools, data and theory.
```
